README.md, before:

```
Author:      Alex Lancaster
Partner:     None
Start Date:  27-Aug-2024
Course:      CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:   LancasterAlexUofU
Repo:        https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-20-fall2024/spreadsheet-LancasterAlexUofU
Commit Date: 13-Sept-2024
Solution:    Spreadsheet
Copyright:   CS 3500 and Alex Lancaster - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Overview of the Spreadsheet Functionality

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of:

- Validating the syntax of infix formula notation
- Returning a list of all variables contained in a formula
- Retuning a canonical string representation of a formula
- Determining which cells must be evaluated before other cells
- Evaluating a formula with numbers and variables

Future extensions are:

- Detecting loops for cell dependency values
- Adding a GUI

# Time Expenditures

| Assignment | Predicted Hours | Actual Hours|
| :---------:| :-------------: | :---------: |
| Assignment 1 | 12 | 8|
| Assignment 2 | 12 | 17 |
| Assignment 3 | 14 | 16 |
| Assignment 4 | 18 | 11 |

# Comments for Evaluators
Read FormulaTests README for comment about code coverage.

Read DependencyGraph README about autograder and reason for excessive commit history.

Read Formula README about very minor code coverage comment.

# Consulted Peers
- Landon H.
- Eli
- Yen

# Examples of Good Software Practice (GSP)


# References
1) Markdown Cheat Sheet - https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/
2) Markdown Tables - https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/tables
3) Microsoft RegEx Documentation - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/regular-expression-language-quick-reference
4) Best Practices for Exceptions - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/exceptions/best-practices-for-exceptions
5) RegEx Translator - https://www.regextranslator.com
6) RegEx 101 - https://regex101.com
7) Stack Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.stack?view=net-8.0
8) this (C# Reference) - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/this
9) String.Replace Method - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string.replace?view=net-8.0
10) Double.TryParse Method - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.double.tryparse?view=net-8.0
11) CollectionAssert Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.visualstudio.testtools.unittesting.collectionassert?view=visualstudiosdk-2022
12) Dictionary Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.dictionary-2?view=net-8.0
13) Any - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.any?view=net-8.0
14) LINQ - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/linq/get-started/introduction-to-linq-queries
15) Asset Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.visualstudio.testtools.unittesting.assert?view=visualstudiosdk-2022

Commit message:

Debugged the code for GetDirectDependents, and tested more edge cases.

README.md, after:

```
Author:      Alex Lancaster
Partner:     None
Start Date:  27-Aug-2024
Course:      CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:   LancasterAlexUofU
Repo:        https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-20-fall2024/spreadsheet-LancasterAlexUofU
Commit Date: 13-Sept-2024
Solution:    Spreadsheet
Copyright:   CS 3500 and Alex Lancaster - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Overview of the Spreadsheet Functionality

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of:

- Validating the syntax of infix formula notation
- Returning a list of all variables contained in a formula
- Retuning a canonical string representation of a formula
- Determining which cells must be evaluated before other cells
- Evaluating a formula with numbers and variables
- Getting and Setting Cell Contents in a spreadsheet
- Detecting loops for cell dependency values

Future extensions are:

- Adding a GUI

# Time Expenditures

| Assignment | Predicted Hours | Actual Hours|
| :---------:| :-------------: | :---------: |
| Assignment 1 | 12 | 8|
| Assignment 2 | 12 | 17 |
| Assignment 3 | 14 | 16 |
| Assignment 4 | 18 | 11 |
| Assignment 5 | 10 | 12.5 |

# Comments for Evaluators
Read FormulaTests README for comment about code coverage.

Read DependencyGraph README about autograder and reason for excessive commit history.

Read Formula README about very minor code coverage comment.

Read SpreadsheetTests about cell removal assumption.

# Consulted Peers
- Landon H.
- Eli
- Yen

# Examples of Good Software Practice (GSP)

### - Separation of concerns
Many functions that were complex were broken down into smaller helper methods. For example, in formula evaluation,
each algorithm check was put into a switch case and each check was its own separate functions. This is done all throughout
the projects in this solution and makes complex functions easier to understand.

### - Well Commented and Short Methods
All of the project methods are well commented in detail. All test cases have comments that tell exactly what they do
and complex RegEx variables in Formula explicitly explain what they take in. All methods and helper methods have be 
purposely shortened so that they can fit on a single page for better readability.

### - Testing strategies
Many testing strategies were employed so that the project's code would be properly working. For example, in FormulaTests,
many complex formulas were created with many different types of interactions between variables, parentheses, operands, and numbers.
This was done so that many small tedious tests weren't needed and a large complex blanket test would cover almost all scenarios.
This was done multiple times throughout the different test classes.


# References
1) Markdown Cheat Sheet - https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/
2) Markdown Tables - https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/tables
3) Microsoft RegEx Documentation - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/regular-expression-language-quick-reference
4) Best Practices for Exceptions - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/exceptions/best-practices-for-exceptions
5) RegEx Translator - https://www.regextranslator.com
6) RegEx 101 - https://regex101.com
7) Stack Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.stack?view=net-8.0
8) this (C# Reference) - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/this
9) String.Replace Method - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.string.replace?view=net-8.0
10) Double.TryParse Method - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.double.tryparse?view=net-8.0
11) CollectionAssert Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.visualstudio.testtools.unittesting.collectionassert?view=visualstudiosdk-2022
12) Dictionary Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.dictionary-2?view=net-8.0
13) Any - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.any?view=net-8.0
14) LINQ - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/linq/get-started/introduction-to-linq-queries
15) Asset Class - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.visualstudio.testtools.unittesting.assert?view=visualstudiosdk-2022
